What’s the background of this Qín Ruò Yǔ?
She attended a banquet
With Young Master Qín
You must know that Young Master Qín is
The most famous golden bachelor
In Dōng Hǎi
Her?
She’s the new CEO
Of the fashion subsidiary of Qín Shì Group
This banquet
Was specially organized
By Young Master Qín for her
That wretched woman didn’t die
And even hooked up with the richest man in Dōng Hǎi
Jiā Háo
I suspect she was cheating on you
Back then
I really feel it’s not worth it for you
This wretched woman
I must make her lose face
I didn’t expect
You’d run off
To be someone else’s mistress
But with that ghostly appearance
You had not long ago
It must’ve taken quite some effort, right?
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You’re truly shameless
I didn’t expect after so long
You’re still so despicable
What do you want to do?
Back then, you and Fù Jiā Háo
Sent me to prison
And ordered those female inmates
To cut off my hands and gouge out my eyes
Making me suffer all kinds of torture
Now
It’s time to collect some interest